Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
-Amy, what's wrong?
- I need your help!
It's Connie,
she's run away again!
She's only 15.
How does my daughter fall
for this slime ball?
Do you know him?
Yeah, I met him once.
His name is Zip.
That's a great name, huh?
Jack, you're a cop.
Grand theft auto.
You want missing persons.
You know where he lives?
Something like Trump Street,
or Trout Street or....
- Turk? Turk Street?
- Yes, Turk Street. Turk Street.
So tell missing persons.
They've got a list a mile long.
By the time they get to her, she'll
be the age I wanted her to leave.
She'll be back.
Three days, Jack.
I'm really scared.
- Amy, I'm....
- I know.
You're going on vacation,
some music festival.
A week with you and your cello.
That'll be so different for you.
I know I'm just your neighbor.
I had no business asking.
You have a great time, okay?
I was planning on blacking him out.
I'm glad I didn't.
It can't be that different
from looking for a car, right?
Turk Street.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry, you okay?
Oh! You mustn't bother.
It's no bother.
Just get out of the rain. Come on.
So you don't live
in the neighborhood.
No, I'm looking for someone.
You can just
set them down there.
No, no.
I'll take them in the kitchen.
Well, this way.
Thomas, we have a visitor!
Don't be alarmed,
we have a stranger in the house.
- Thomas, dear. This is....
- Jack. Jack Friar.
This is Mr. Quarre,
I'm Mrs. Quarre.
Who is it you're looking for,
Jack, a friend?
No, a suspect.
Well, not a suspect really.
A young man.
You're a policeman.
- I really should be going.
- Oh, dear, don't go.
I'll put on some water for tea.
- Thanks but I have to....
- We won't hear of you leaving.
I must thank you for your kindness.
Now, it's Indian tea.
India Indians. Not the ones
we beat the crap out of.
No, I really must go.
This one's made
from hard wood... Oak, mahogany.
I've got one made in Africa
from ivory.
Maybe one of your cousins
carved it, huh?
Jack!
Tell us about the suspect.
Is he a lone operator
or a member of some vicious gang?
He seems to be an operator.
Yeah.
What does he look like?
I'll show you.
He had blond hair, blue eyes.
Stand up.
- How'd you find me?
- What?
I said, how did you find me?
Find you? Who are you?
Smart ass!
You like baseball?
It's just a tiny little bump,
officer. I checked it out.
Ready for your tea?
- I don't like tea.
- Well who does?
Tea is for Chinks,
give him a real drink.
Would you like a shot?
Make it a Mai Tai.
That's what we drank in Korea.
- Who are you people?
- What happened here?
This cop showed up,
looking for us.
Me at least.
That's why we kept him here, boss,
for you to decide.
What did you hit him with?
- No guns.
Do I have to post
a list of rules at the front door?
It might... help.
Has anyone else a gun?
Sure.
Finally got a hit, shit head.
Come on, Miller, knock him in!
Listen, mister....
-....Quarre. - Quarre.
- It's an alias.
I really had a photograph,
not of that psychopath. But....
Shh, there's a game on.
Thank you, dear.
Don't gloat.
I'm not gloating,
don't be a sore loser.
Maybe he's onto us for Seattle.
You shouldn't have
let him see you.
I wasn't just going
to let him walk out of here.
The questions are:
what are we going to do with him?
What if there are more of him?
Kill him.
We do not kill him.
Because the penalties
for killing are so distasteful.
Yeah, that's easy for you to say.
He didn't have your picture.
He has no picture, Hoop.
Perhaps we should outfit you
with a wooden club and a loincloth.
Are you....
Are you calling me backward?
The best way to chase something,
Hoop, is to let it chase you.
Greetings, Erin.
Business. That's what you always say.
This is a business.
Tell the old people
the schedule's been moved up a day.
A day?
- That's today.
- That's why you'll want to hurry.
Sorry.
You should try to have
a calming influence on Hoop..
..rather than a inflammatory one.
Is it your place to tell me
who not to inflame?
As a matter of fact it is.
With this rose, I thee wed.
All things in good time.
Until then,..
..Lover and loved.
Pimp and whore.
Coarseness does not become you.
That sick fuck.
It'll all be over soon.
All of it?
- This job, our last.
- You and him? That over?
- What do you mean?
- You know what I mean.
He hurts you.
Keeps us down.
I got to pack.
I'll help.
If Tyrone sees you
in my bedroom....
We're just talking,
for Christ's sake.
Okay. Later then.
Hoop.
I never chose Tyrone.
Yeah, but sometimes
you laugh at me with him.
He expects it of me.
Don't you understand that?
Fucking cop's listening.
Hoop.
The cop's not our problem.
Tyrone.
So we leave the airstrip
no later than 8 pm.
Don't smoke that in here.
I sure as hell won't miss you
telling me what to do.
- Control freak.
- Control is a good thing, Thomas.
You could do with more of it.
Control that.
Then we land in Bermuda
no later than 2 am. Correct?
Aye aye, sir.
We refuel..
..and Hoop's piloting the balance
of the journey to the Caymans.
- Is he taking his meds?
- Yes, I assume so, why?
He asked me
to teach him to fly,..
..but I'm not responsible
if he flies off the handle.
I will control Hoop.
How'd you know where to find us?
I didn't.
You're not who I'm looking for.
I have a pict --
Yeah, right. A picture with a guy
with blond hair, blue eyes.
I'm looking for a girl.
Oh, now it's a girl.
Gee, you know I just can't keep
your stories straight.
Hoop!
- Stop it!
- Alright. Settle down.
These are too tight.
Eventually I'm going to be
alone with you, cop.
Get away from him.
Is that better?
Thanks.
There is a picture.
And there is a girl.
Was it out of willfulness or out
of stupidity you let him see you?
I'm sorry, Tyrone.
But I think he seems
to have seen you too.
No he hasn't.
It seems he's smarter than you.
She's like a spoiled child.
Hateful towards those
who take care of her..
..and yet totally dependent.
- Leave her alone.
And Hoop is the spoiled boy.
The spoiled boy,..
..to whom I gave a future despite
the metal plate in his head..
..and the diagnosed psychosis.
Now, Hoop,..
..was it the Belle of Tacos
or the King of Burgers..
..which had most recently
rejected your services?
What are you laughing at, cop?!
Maybe it's good that our stay
in these close quarters nears its end.
Brunch is ready.
No, brunch is canceled.
The unexpected appearance
by the officer has altered our plans.
Excuse me.
I have been cooking
since his God damned appearance.
No one said anything.
Well, perhaps brunch
is just what we need.
Who would like to say
the blessing?
How about our guest?
He should say a prayer.
- Leave him alone.
- You have nothing to worry about.
I'm sure everything
will go as planned.
I'll say the blessing.
Thank you, Lord, for that
which we are about to receive....
Ten million dollars, Amen!
You always forget the ketchup.
Bring me a beer.
Please.
No, thank you.
He's probably not used
to eating a proper breakfast.
This is delicious.
Remember you're flying, Thomas.
I flew 57 missions in Korea..
..and I was drunk
every damn time.
- Don't you tel --
- Let him drink.
I'll fly the damn plane.
I'll let you co-pilot, shut the fuck
up while I'm telling my story.
Excuse me, dear,..
..but nobody gives a titty
about your story.
I don't want
this punk interrupting me.
Come on, old man! You want to fly?
I'll let you fly.
Come on.
Come on. First one's free.
Are you children?!
Must I put you in separate rooms?
Take him into the kitchen.
You brought the cops.
Shut up!
You defective little prick.
It's our banker friend.
Delay him.
Keep him out of the house.
Your clothing is inappropriate.
Go change it.
David.
What are you doing here?
I needed to see Erin.
She left me a message, it's important.
She's not available just now.
Where is she?
Frankly I don't know.
I just came in from shopping.
I'm sure she'll get
in touch with you later.
Why don't you
go back to your office?
If Mr. Quarre knew
you were playing hooky..
..he might not look so kindly
on you dating his granddaughter.
David!
Erin! Hey!
It's happening today.
- What?
- Yeah, now.
Why?
Well, I don't know why.
But Tyrone says it has to be.
Look, I can't.
If you want us to be together,
you have to.
Go back to the bank
and we'll see you soon, okay?
David,
I'm in the street in my robe.
Look, I adore you.
Thomas! Isabelle!
If we're delayed,
simply wait at the landing field.
Keep your cell phone on
in case of a problem. Erin!
You will stay
and entertain our guest.
Whoa, whoa, what about David?
He expects me.
I will deal with David.
- Hoop!
- Yeah.
Good.
So, shall we?
Take my bags, Hoop.
Both of them.
Be available to take calls.
David may need to hear
your devoted voice for reassurance.
You are art.
Do not fade.
- Are you comfortable?
- Been better.
Hey, you okay?
May I have some water?
Water?
You look a little stressed.
- Look, miss....
- Erin, please. - Erin.
You need to let me go before that
head case Hoop comes back to kill me.
Tyrone won't let Hoop kill you.
Tyrone is against killing.
So...
Do you want any kind of music?
You like some music?
- Look, miss, please....
- I can't let you escape,..
..because then I would have
to escape and no one escapes Tyrone.
That's ridiculous.
Is it?
This is how Tyrone says
you shouldn't have left.
It's alright, I get ten percent
off my pedicures now.
- Are you taking your medication?
- Why?
You appear agitated.
Yeah, well you piss me off.
They got a medication
to make you stop doing that?
What do you plan on doing
with your share of the money?
I want... to breed dogs..
..back in Utah.
Excellent!
Is there a young lady
in the picture?
Maybe there is,
maybe there isn't.
D --
David Brewster.
We're here. Hoop is beginning.
Why are we doing this today?
What?
What did you say?
I need an explanation.
Your explanation will be
your share of the money.
- Is Erin there?
- No she's not.
But I have complete faith..
..you will be able
to swindle your bank without her.
Just make sure you're available
for me when I enter.
You don't look so good.
That's because
you're used to looking at you.
Maybe that drink
wasn't such a good idea.
- What should I do?
- What should you do?
Find that picture so you can see
I was telling the truth..
..and you can tell your friends.
I'll look a lot better when I'm not
waiting for someone to kill me.
Alright.
Listen, I couldn't find the picture.
Okay, I walked the whole block.
Hey!
Oh, God.
Please, don't die.
Don't die, please.
Shit!
How you doing, leatherhead?
I got the generator set up in case
this storm messes with the lights.
How's it look?
Oh, it looks great.
I've been thinking
about some of those missions....
- Has the plane been fueled?
- Yes.
And I'll be here
just as long as you need me.
Excuse me, sir.
I put your kit in the fridge.
You could have let me die.
Cop dead from a diabetic coma.
It's perfect.
Dump the body somewhere.
Nobody would ever know
I'd been kidnapped.
I guess I owe you one.
I mean that.
I noticed
your suitcases were packed.
Were you supposed
to be somewhere else today?
Not on Turk Street.
Like where?
The Berkshires.
Fantasy camp
for frustrated musicians.
Basketball junkies go to Michael
Jordan's basketball clinic.
I get my fix
playing with Yo Yo Ma.
Your apartment struck me as lonely.
Don't cops dream?
Nightmares mostly.
I don't trust you leaving here
without seeing Erin.
Then by all means you should
call her for reassurance.
I trust she's at home.
Women talk.
Some excessively.
- Yes?
- We got problems.
The system is patched
into a backup power source..
..that's more complicated
than I thought.
Can you deactivate it?
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
I'm working on it.
It's just going to take some time.
- How much?
- I don't know.
- Two, three minutes tops.
- Do it!
Did I hear what I just heard?
I was a state sponsored prodigy
until Moscow collapsed.
My peers became prostitutes,
musically or otherwise.
I met a man in a bar.
Tyrone became your ticket out.
He said he saw my potential.
I flattered myself he meant my music.
So you guys
are robbing a bank, right?
How?
Just smile..
..as you tell me
about the Federal Reserve.
You really don't know who we are?
I'm just a cop
who finds stolen cars..
..who's looking for a lost girl.
And look, you found one.
You are not lost.
It would take
a search party to find me.
What are you doing?
Stand.
Ladies and gentlemen,
please calm down.
- I'm sure the problem will be
fixed momentarily. - Send the money.
Send the money!
Sir, I'm sorry, I'm sure
the problem is just momentary.
I don't have moments.
Tell your officer
to wire my loan immediately.
We wire funds electronically.
Our computers are down....
Well, to hell with your computers!
My funds must be sent
by 6 o'clock.
I'm afraid that if wiring
the funds is an impossibility....
Have you heard of this device?
Can it not be used with
your approval to transfer funds?
Sir, please,
please just calm yourself.
If you'll just step into my office.
Would you mind?
Do you know "Chanson Triste"
by Du Parc?
Do you like
being tied up in a chair?
Or would you rather play
some beautiful music?
How much are we talking about?
Ten million.
Our spread is substantial.
It went to committee.
Now, think lender liability, sirs.
If those funds
aren't in escrow by day's end..
..my company will lose
a one hundred million dollar contract.
So consider that
to be your true exposure.
My laptop is charged.
I could modem it through.
I'm calling my lawyer.
Sir, that won't be necessary.
Get the laptop.
I missed a few notes.
That's a nice piece.
I never played it before.
I know what I want
for saving your life.
What's that?
They say playing the cello
is like dancing.
Show me.
How?
You'd have to put the gun down.
It's crazy.
I believe in the concept
of a man and a woman.
And the man owing her one.
I mean,
you did say that, didn't you?
That you owe me one.
Don't do this.
Damn you.
Put your hand on mine.
A.
D.
G.
I could break your neck.
I should.
Yeah, you should.
Are we done?
Yeah, we're done.
We're even.
Mr. Abernathy, this disk contains
all the routing information,..
..account numbers and passwords.
It's your authentication.
Great,
just a little more paperwork.
Now,..
..about Erin.
He insists
on meeting Erin at his place.
We don't have time for this.
Do we know
where the banker lives?
Yeah, it's over the mountain.
It's a haul.
- You've been there?
- I drove her a couple of times.
I thought they used
to meet in restaurants.
Well, maybe he cooks.
Go there.
Tyrone called.
He said it could be
another couple of hours.
I sent Willy for dinner.
Tyrone? And you trust him?
This job
is no different from Seattle..
..or Sydney or Dallas or Miami.
And he still needs us.
Unless he thinks
he can take a bus to the Caymans.
But this is our last one.
Then he wouldn't have called.
Do you think
we'll be happy in Fiji?
- We can have sex on the beach.
- Oh Thomas!
Let's go wait in the airplane.
You know I won't
have sex on airplanes.
But this one's on the ground.
When was he leaving the bank?
He should have been here
45 minutes ago.
She gabs on the phone, even as
the outcome remains unsettled.
Not even you
would be that dim-witted.
Maybe the two of them
are working together.
- Get out of the car.
- What?
- Why?
Watch for him.
Hey, it's raining out here!
Then go inside.
- Get in!
- But there was a accident.
I don't want to hear about it.
Get in!
- You see that?
- What?
This! This! This! This!
- Just how would he find you?
- Not by looking.
He knows where I'd go.
He can hear me think.
What would he do
when he found you?
Maybe he'd kill me.
Maybe you could prevent that
from happening. Maybe...
Maybe he and Hoop
are coming back to kill you.
You worked your way
partially free from the bonds.
You'd have no choice
but to kill them in self-defense.
So give me the gun.
We could wind up
with ten million dollars.
You know what happens to cops
who have ten million dollars.
They eat their service revolvers.
- They can't....
- Open your mind, Jack.
You're more than a cop.
I'm more than a thief.
You'd know that
if you're paying attention.
I have been.
And I know.
Erin?
Where is she?
Erin!
Hey, banker boy!
What are you doing in my house?
You should thank him.
Look what a splendid effort he made
infiltrating your bank today.
Where's the disk?
Ahh gee, it's locked!
There's no fucking disk!
Where is it?
Hey, what's this, huh?
Go ahead,..
..it's password protected.
Okay! Okay! Okay!
But I just risked
everything for Erin.
You think I'm going to blab now
just to get out of a beating?
Well... tick-tock.
What time is it?
They haven't called.
Must've left you behind.
Or should I say they left your ass?
- They wouldn't.
- No, and a fine ass it is.
You can keep sitting on it until
my cop friends start looking for me.
Or you can cut me loose, come in
with me and tell what happened.
Damn!
What?
Bastard!
I'm to blame now?
Go ahead, but that
still doesn't change the facts.
They didn't need you
and left your ass.
Shush! God!
Hello?
Why has the phone been occupied?
I'm sorry, I didn't even know
it was off the hook.
Why didn't you check it?
How could I know
it was off the hook?
Your friend here
insists on seeing you..
..before he gives us
our information.
You must have
fucked your way into his heart.
Hoop's on his way for me.
I have to get ready.
So this is your first crime?
Yeah.
- No embezzlement, no juggling....
- No. Nothing.
Not even as a kid?
- No shoplifting, no peeping tom?
- Hardly.
So this really is your inauguration.
Take my advice...
You know,
I stole my Dad's car once.
- Really?
- Yeah. Drove it to Mexico.
What happened?
Drove it off a cliff.
Never even told my father.
Apparently, driving
isn't one of your talents.
- Come on in here! Come on!
- Jack, please.
Come on! Keep coming.
Come on, pick up the phone!
- What are you doing?
- Pick it up!
Pick this up!
- I can make it look
like he died escaping. - Don't.
Now you go get some more rope.
Remember what's to happen later.
Tyrone.
Not until we have
the disk and the password.
Just me.
Just you.
How fetching you look, my dear.
Perfect for a late date.
David!
Erin!
I tried to be there
but he left without me.
Quick, what's the password?
We need some time together.
Well, there's no time.
Well, certainly a short interlude
can be squeezed in for young lovers.
Give me the gun.
Give them fifteen minutes,
no more.
I did it!
I knew you could.
Come here, come here.
Not giving Tyrone the password
was so smart.
God, who knows what
he would have done if I wasn't here.
So what is it?
Oh no, no, no.
I'm going to the Caymans with you.
You cannot be seen with Tyrone.
Not now, not ever.
I'm only going
to be gone for a few days.
Then we can go away together
like we planned.
I don't think
I can wait any longer.
Oh, you poor thing.
As soon as we get the money.
I promise.
Enough promises.
Oh, shit.
I was dreaming,..
..we were on this beach.
I looked wonderful in my bikini.
Yes?
What the hell are you pulling?
Our young friend became difficult.
Difficult?
You haven't seen difficult, I have.
You try a battalion of gooks
squirting napalm up your butt.
That is difficult!
....and you've been aptly rewarded.
- Now you listen to me, ass-face!
The bank could still
figure this thing out.
- Hoop!
- Banker boy!
Did you have fun, huh?
Your time's up, I'm sorry.
Stop it!
Did you have a good time?
- Was your dick hard?
- Stop it!
- You fuck!
- You're unbelievable!
- It's not his fault, it's my fault!
- Shut up!
Stay out of this!
This is not about you!
Stay there!
What's the matter Romeo?
Having a little trouble
with your pants?
Let me help you!
Fuck! Fuck!
You fuck!
What are you going to do, huh?
- You stupid....
- Please stop, please!
I told you, stay out of it!
I don't want to hurt you!
Fuck!
You want to dance?
- I'm sorry, did that hurt?
- Stop it! - Did that hurt?
Get up! Here, come on!
Come on! Come on!
Come on, banker boy!
You little pussy!
- She's mine!
- Stop it!
She's mine!
Tyrone!
You have to hurry! Hoop's gone crazy!
He's killing David!
He couldn't stop him!
He couldn't! He just snapped!
His fifteen minutes were up.
Did you get the password?
You?
No, I didn't get the password,
because I was too busy fucking him!
Can you think of any reason
I shouldn't let you hang?
Tom! Tom!
It's looking fierce out there!
We better take care of the lights!
Don't worry, darling.
I'll do it.
- Thomas, go get your slicker.
- Yeah, yeah, yeah.
We'll give it one more hour.
Maybe it's..
..E-R-l-N.
Password accepted.
It might be the Quarres.
Continue north, Hoop.
- What about the plane?
- We don't need a plane.
We'll be driving
to our destination.
I see no reason to share this..
..with that boorish man
and that insipid woman.
Our shares
will increase accordingly.
Is somebody planning on telling me
where we're going?
We're driving to Albany,..
..New York, where I've cultivated
some banking relationships.
Then what?
Then a mere three-hour drive
to the Canadian border.
I need to use the bathroom.
You should have done that
back at the house.
I didn't know that
back at the house!
We have a six-hour drive to Albany.
And if we're not
out of the country by 2 pm,..
..you'll have no pot to piss in.
We need to get gas anyway.
Fill it up quickly
and check the tires.
Erin, do me a favor.
Wipe off the dead banker.
Tyrone.
The cop had this.
He wasn't looking for Hoop..
..for beating up some clerk
in Seattle, he was looking for you.
Maybe I shouldn't have told you.
Tell him.
I arranged for you to get the gun.
He wants you to kill the cop.
Yeah.
But it's not what we want.
Okay.
What?
Tire.
....in the middle of nowhere.
Why have you stopped here?
I'm going to check
the spare in the trunk.
What do you mean the spare?
Didn't I tell you to check it
back at the gas station?
Any last words, Brainiac?
I'll spare you my wisdom,
you'll forsake it anyway.
Oh no please,
I'm sure I'll miss it.
I'll look at your life
as a novel,..
..this being the tragic moment..
..at which,
in the ultimate irony,..
..our headstrong hero
shoots himself in the brain.
So let me get this straight:
you're my brain?
Not only that, I'm also
the restraint that you lack.
Stand back.
Without me,
you would be in prison or worse.
You really think
you would thrive so without me?
Witness tonight. Because
I wasn't standing right beside you..
..you killed a man.
And once you shoot me,
you'll have killed two men today.
And the cop, three.
Do you imagine that Erin
will ride into the sunset with you?
Shut that music off!
- Turn it down!
- Okay! Okay!
Hoop! What are you doing?
Nothing.
Our friend
only got a little overexcited.
It's better now, isn't it?
Yeah.
Get in the car.
Not you.
Were you behind this?
You told me to give him the gun.
So the policeman really is after me?
Yes.
We'll see.
An unfortunate detour,
I'm afraid.
I need the gun.
No. Use another method.
I've seen that you can.
Go.
Hoop, wait!
Well, now my dear,..
..witnessing an execution you caused
is only going to be awkward.
What could you possibly say
to the man?
Cop!
I told you I'd be back.
I hope you know how to die fast..
..because we need
to be in Albany by eight.
You know how to die fast?
Die fast, cop. Fast.
Faster! Faster! Faster!
Faster, cop!
Spare yourself the effort.
We lack time,
so forgive my brevity.
Were you carrying a photograph
when you stumbled upon our house?
Yeah.
Now look at me.
Was the picture of me?
Was this the picture?
That wasn't the picture,
that wasn't the fucking picture!
Leave him alone!
The truth is it hardly matters.
A killing has already occurred. Not
just this one but another man as well.
So the stakes have been raised.
It does make sense
to clean up loose ends.
And I'm a loose end.
The loosest.
Erin...
Come here.
Now, just put your finger there.
Easy, this is your baptism.
You think 'cause you've already killed
somebody, killing me is no big deal?
You kill me and every cop
on the planet takes a sudden vacation.
You become the case that never closes,
the guy they never stop huntin'.
You be job one.
Pay attention, Erin,
'cause this applies to you, too.
When they catch you,
wherever they catch you..
..they're going to subdue you.
And they're going
to subdue you substantially.
Then they're going
to tell you to run..
..and that's going to confuse you,
'cause you never heard that before.
Then your animal brain's going
to kick in with the survival mode.
Telling you stupid shit like:
"Hey, they're letting me go".
- So you'll run.
- And then what?
Then they shoot you, dumb ass.
Well, don't you think
they have to catch me first?
Oh, you're thinking all that money
is going to help you hide?
That's funny, 'cause those shit for
brains over there told me about your..
..time frame.
Now, if you planned on driving
to Albany in six hours,..
..that means you're going
to use the New Jersey Turnpike.
And you're probably
going to drive at night.
But now you're late..
..and you hadn't counted
on rush hour.
So if you think you're still going
to make that drive in six hours..
..you got another thing coming.
Dearest, I don't remember
hearing anything about Albany.
I knew it!
You dirty double-crossing bastard!
Put it down.
Nobody's trying
to cross you, Thomas.
Give him the disk. Now.
Oh, God!
What have I done?
This is a well-oiled machine!
Look, why don't you
take me with you?
What?
You can't get the money on your own,
but you can with my help.
My car's got flashing lights
and a siren,..
..I can still get you
to Albany in time.
You get as much of the money
as you can,..
..I drive you to the border,
you go across.
Hey, you promise me a share,
maybe I'll cross with you.
And then what?
First of all:
I need some more insulin.
Secondly:
..when we get across we let the girl
decide who she wants to go with.
You propose driving through
a busy city with a captive policeman.
You must think me a foolhardy man.
Take a turn
at the next corner. Left.
Now left again.
I thought we were going
to the freeway.
Turn again. Left.
Go there.
Out of the car, both of you.
Further.
Here.
So how do you move
ten million dollars?
Send the money
to a number of banks.
In amounts small enough
not to draw attention.
Hey.
Why don't you try
and get some sleep.
Oh, man!
It's worse than I thought.
Hey, hang on,
it's going to be bumpy.
Nicely done!
Oh, man.
Hey. Are you going to shoot me
in the back while I'm driving?
Mr. Leeds, please.
- Yes. Can you hold please?
- Yes, I'll hold.
So Tyrone, who's going in
to grab the money. Me?
Don't be absurd.
I trust you no more than I trust her.
Yes, Mr. Clifford Leeds, please.
This is Mr. Leeds.
Welcome back, Mr. Abernathy.
It's been so long
since we've seen you.
One more thing, I'm a bit ill.
Would it be possible for me to pick
up the checks at the drive-through?
- Sure, if that's a problem....
- Not at all.
I'll alert the teller
to watch for you.
She'll know me by my chauffeur,
a very earnest looking black man.
Okay, thank you, Clifford.
Good morning.
Mr. Abernathy.
Mr. Leeds said to be expecting you.
Excellent!
- Have a good day.
- Thank you.
May I see those?
Jesus, I get ID'd
trying to deposit a check.
At my own bank!
Where to next, Tyrone?
Continue straight,
I'll tell you when to turn.
Red light!
Damn.
- We had the right of way!
- You asshole!
I'm actually beginning
to trust you, officer.
Enough to take
that gun out of my back?
No,..
..but this much.
- Hey, how are you holding up?
- Fine.
You are going to give her her share
before we cross the border, right?
Once we cross,..
..you can either go with me,
go with him..
..or go your own way.
- Good morning.
I believe you have
some checks for me. Mr. Abernathy.
- Abernathy?
- Yes.
Watch your hand.
- Thank you.
- You're welcome.
Move it.
- Oh damn.
- What?
Don't look.
That teller.
She's making the security guard
write down our license number.
Can we do this quickly?
We have time
to make it to another bank.
It's not worth the risk.
Now, then,
let's go to the border.
We cool?
We're cool.
You're going
to have to lose the shotgun.
It's essential to our understanding.
I'll just cover it.
Give me the map, Erin.
You've done excellent work,
officer Friar.
Perhaps you'd like
to stay in my employ...
Jack! You don't have
to kill him, please!
I'm okay!
- Don't move, Jack!
- I'm alright.
Tyrone! Give yourself up!
Halt! Police!
Jack, don't kill him!
Tyrone!
It's over,
there's no place to go!
Freeze!
- Let go of me!
- Put it down!
Put it down now!
Do it! Step away from the car,
both hands up!
Please, remain in your car!
You understand that
while under Canada's jurisdiction..
..we respect your interest
in this situation.
No warrants or reports
have been made as of yet.
We'll wait
for your recommendation.
Lucky thing having
those license plates behind you.
Tell them I was a hostage.
It's the truth.
I tried to leave him, you know.
I tried to leave him.
I couldn't.
I've got a million dollars
right here.
You've got yours.
We could spend
our lives on vacation.
The same vacation.
You have a way
of making me feel really good..
..when you want something.
- It's not like that.
- Oh, but it is.
Only you don't know it.
When we danced the cello..
..you could have killed me.
Whatever you saw in me then,
see it now.
Help me, Jack.
Arrest her.
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org